feat(button): add label text wrap option (#3086)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/green-maps-end.md

---
"@spectrum-css/button": minor
---

> Adding the ability to disable label wrap in button component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds the ability to disable text wrapping within the button component's label by applying the class `.spectrum-Button--noWrap` to `.spectrum-Button`.
```
Changing the tense and adding some more detail here, since this will go in the change log and be referenced by SWC and others.
